Part 1 Assignment Description:
Given two character strings s1 and s2. Write a threaded program to find out the number 
of substrings, in string s1, that is exactly the same as s2. 

For example, suppose number_substring(s1, s2) implements the function, then 
number_substring(“abcdab”, “ab”) = 2, number_substring(“aaa”, “a”) = 3, number_substring(“abac”, “bc”) = 0. 
The size of s1 and s2 (n1 and n2) as well as their data are input by users. 

Assume that n1 mod NUM_THREADS = 0 and n2 < n1/NUM_THREADS. 
The provided program is a sequential solution of the problem. 

read_f() reads the two strings from a file named “string.txt and num_substring() calculates the number of substrings. 

You can find the source for this assignment on GitHub at: https://www.github.com/CSE3320/Substring-Assignment.

Write a parallel program using a threading library based on this sequential solution.  
You may use pthreads, C++ threads, Intel TBB, or another threading library.  You must 
provide your rationale for choosing the library AND provide instructions for setting up 
the VM to use your library if additional libraries need to be installed.

HINT: Strings s1 and s2 are stored in a file named “string.txt”. String s1 is evenly 
partitioned for NUM_THREADS threads to concurrently search for matching with 
string s2. After a thread finishes its work and obtains the number of local matchings, 
this local number is added into a global variable showing the total number of matched 
substrings in string s1. Finally this total number is printed out. You can find an example 
of the “string.txt” in the attached source code.




Part 2 Assignment Description: 
Use condition variables to implement the producer-consumer algorithm. Assume two 
threads: one producer and one consumer. The producer reads characters one by one 
from a string stored in a file named “message.txt”, then writes sequentially these 
characters into a circular queue. Meanwhile, the consumer reads sequentially from the 
queue and prints them in the same order. Assume a buffer (queue) size of 5 characters. 
Write a threaded program using condition variables. 
